README.md, before:

# CSS Styling Code Along

## Objectives

1. Review linking an external CSS file.
2. Review writing selectors.
3. Styling text content.

## Introduction

In this code along exercise we will be adding style to our pages by linking an external CSS file.

## Steps

## Tasks for LearnIDE Environment Users

1. Click the "OPEN IDE" button

## Tasks for Local Environment Users

1. Fork this repository.
2. Clone your fork locally.
3. `cd` into the local repo you just cloned.

1. Code along with the included video below. While coding work in your cloned copy of this lab! The instructors foldername will be different than yours.
2. After the video: stage, commit, and push up your changes.
3. Then make a pull request.

<iframe width="100%" height="720" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/aA8k-hK8qzg?rel=0&amp;controls=1&amp;showinfo=1" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe></iframe>

<p data-visibility='hidden'>View <a href='https://learn.co/lessons/CSS-Styling' title='CSS Styling'>CSS Styling</a> on Learn.co and start learning to code for free.</p>

Commit message:

Automatically backed up by Learn

README.md, after:

# CSS Styling Code Along

## Objectives

1. Review linking an external CSS file.
2. Review writing selectors.
3. Styling text content.

## Introduction

In this code along exercise we will be adding style to our pages by linking an external CSS file. If you open this lab on the in-browser Learn IDE, all the files you need for following along will be available, and will automatically clone down. However, if you were following along using a personal `exceptional-realty` repository in the previous HTML lessons, you can continue from where we left
off by running the following in your terminal:

```
git clone https://github.com/<your_username_here>/exceptional-realty
cd exceptional-realty
```

## Steps

## Tasks for LearnIDE Environment Users

1. Click the "OPEN IDE" button

## Tasks for Local Environment Users

1. Fork this repository.
2. Clone your fork locally.
3. `cd` into the local repo you just cloned.

1. Code along with the included video below. While coding work in your cloned copy of this lab! The instructors foldername will be different than yours.
2. After the video: stage, commit, and push up your changes.
3. Then make a pull request.

Create a new branch for this lesson called `css-styling` by typing `git checkout -b css-styling` from inside the project folder before continuing.

Code along with the included video below. Some parts of the video, such as folder names, will be different than your own.

<iframe width="640" height="480" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/aA8k-hK8qzg?rel=0&amp;controls=1&amp;showinfo=1" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

When you're finished, add, commit and push your work up. Then, checkout `master`, and merge it with the work you've done on the `css-styling` branch, and push up the `master` as well. The commands should look like the following:

```
git add .
git commit -m 'add external css file and connect it to project'
git push -u origin css-styling
git checkout master
git merge css-styling
git add .
git commit -m 'merge css-styling branch'
git push
```

<p data-visibility='hidden'>View <a href='https://learn.co/lessons/CSS-Styling' title='CSS Styling'>CSS Styling</a> on Learn.co and start learning to code for free.</p>
